java ; Which of the following is not a valid Java keyword? ; public ; static ; class ; int ; d) int
java ; Which of the following is a benefit of using object-oriented programming in Java? ; Code reuse ; Encapsulation ; Abstraction ; All of the above ; d) All of the above
java ; Which of the following is an example of a Java primitive data type? ; int ; String ; Object ; Class ; a) int
java ; Which of the following is an example of a Java reference data type? ; int ; String ; Object ; Class ; b) String
java ; What is the difference between a class and an object? ; A class is a blueprint for creating objects, while an object is an instance of a class. ; A class is a collection of methods and variables, while an object is a single method or variable. ; A class is a concrete entity, while an object is an abstract entity. ; There is no difference between a class and an object. ; a) A class is a blueprint for creating objects, while an object is an instance of a class.
java ; What is the difference between a method and a constructor? ; A method is a function that is defined within a class, while a constructor is a special method that is used to initialize an object. ; A method is a concrete entity, while a constructor is an abstract entity. ; A method can be called any number of times, while a constructor can only be called once. ; All of the above ; d) All of the above
java ; What is the difference between inheritance and polymorphism? ; Inheritance is the ability of a class to inherit the properties and methods of another class, while polymorphism is the ability of an object to take on different forms. ; Inheritance is a concrete entity, while polymorphism is an abstract entity. ; Inheritance is a static concept, while polymorphism is a dynamic concept. ; All of the above ; a) Inheritance is the ability of a class to inherit the properties and methods of another class, while polymorphism is the ability of an object to take on different forms.
java ; What is the difference between an interface and an abstract class? ; An interface is a blueprint for creating abstract classes, while an abstract class is an instance of an interface. ; An interface is a collection of abstract methods, while an abstract class is a collection of concrete methods. ; An interface cannot contain any concrete methods, while an abstract class can. ; All of the above ; d) All of the above
java ; What is garbage collection? ; Garbage collection is a process that automatically manages memory allocation and deallocation. ; Garbage collection is a concrete entity, while memory allocation and deallocation are abstract entities. ; Garbage collection is a static process, while memory allocation and deallocation are dynamic processes. ; All of the above ; a) Garbage collection is a process that automatically manages memory allocation and deallocation.
java ; What is the difference between a checked exception and an unchecked exception? ; A checked exception is an exception that must be handled explicitly by the programmer, while an unchecked exception does not need to be handled explicitly by the programmer. ; A checked exception is a concrete entity, while an unchecked exception is an abstract entity. ; A checked exception is a static exception, while an unchecked exception is a dynamic exception. ; All of the above ; a) A checked exception is an exception that must be handled explicitly by the programmer, while an unchecked exception does not need to be handled explicitly by the programmer.
python ; Which of the following is not a valid Python data type? ; int ; float ; string ; list ; d) None
python ; Which of the following is a benefit of using Python? ; It is easy to learn ; It is portable ; It is versatile ; All of the above ; d) All of the above
python ; What is the difference between a function and a method? ; A function is a named block of code that can be reused, while a method is a function that is defined within a class. ; A function is a concrete entity, while a method is an abstract entity. ; A function can be called any number of times, while a method can only be called once. ; All of the above ; b) A function is a named block of code that can be reused, while a method is a function that is defined within a class.
python ; What is the difference between a list and a tuple? ; A list is a mutable data type, while a tuple is an immutable data type. ; A list is a concrete entity, while a tuple is an abstract entity. ; A list can contain any type of data, while a tuple can only contain Python objects. ; All of the above ; a) A list is a mutable data type, while a tuple is an immutable data type.
python ; What is the difference between a class and an object? ; A class is a blueprint for creating objects, while an object is an instance of a class. ; A class is a concrete entity, while an object is an abstract entity. ; A class can contain any type of data, while an object can only contain Python objects. ; All of the above ; a) A class is a blueprint for creating objects, while an object is an instance of a class.
python ; What is the difference between inheritance and polymorphism? ; Inheritance is the ability of a class to inherit the properties and methods of another class, while polymorphism is the ability of an object to take on different forms. ; Inheritance is a concrete entity, while polymorphism is an abstract entity. ; Inheritance is a static concept, while polymorphism is a dynamic concept. ; All of the above ; a) Inheritance is the ability of a class to inherit the properties and methods of another class, while polymorphism is the ability of an object to take on different forms.
python ; What is the difference between a module and a package? ; A module is a file that contains Python code, while a package is a collection of modules. ; A module is a concrete entity, while a package is an abstract entity. ; A module can contain any type of data, while a package can only contain Python modules. ; All of the above ; a) A module is a file that contains Python code, while a package is a collection of modules.
python ; What is garbage collection? ; Garbage collection is a process that automatically manages memory allocation and deallocation. ; Garbage collection is a concrete entity, while memory allocation and deallocation are abstract entities. ; Garbage collection is a static process, while memory allocation and deallocation are dynamic processes. ; All of the above ; d) All of the above
python ; What is the difference between a checked exception and an unchecked exception? ; A checked exception is an exception that must be handled explicitly by the programmer, while an unchecked exception does not need to be handled explicitly by the programmer. ; A checked exception is a concrete entity, while an unchecked exception is an abstract entity. ; A checked exception is a static exception, while an unchecked exception is a dynamic exception. ; All of the above ; a) A checked exception is an exception that must be handled explicitly by the programmer, while an unchecked exception does not need to be handled explicitly by the programmer.
python ; What is the difference between a list comprehension and a generator expression? ; A list comprehension is a concise way to create a list, while a generator expression is a concise way to create a generator. ; A list comprehension is a concrete entity, while a generator expression is an abstract entity. ; A list comprehension can contain any type of data, while a generator expression can only contain Python objects. ; All of the above ; a) A list comprehension is a concise way to create a list, while a generator expression is a concise way to create a generator.